Update YOLACT integration docs (#976)
neuralmagic/sparseml: integrations/dbolya-yolact/README.md

source venv/bin/activate # activate venv
pip install --upgrade pip # upgrade pip
```
To begin, install `sparseml>=1.1`

```bash
pip install "sparseml>=1.1"
```

Note: This integration requires `python>=3.7,<3.10`

## Quick Tour

### Downloading COCO

The `sparseml.yolact.download` utility provides an easy to use interface to download
the `COCO` dataset.

Simply invoke:
```bash
sparseml.yolact.download
```

> To download `COCO` test-set invoke `sparseml.yolact.download --test`; for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download `COCO` test-set invoke `sparseml.yolact.download --test`. For more information
```

> To download `COCO` test-set invoke `sparseml.yolact.download --test`. For more information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To download  a test `COCO` dataset, run `sparseml.yolact.download --test`. For more information
```

> on this utility invoke it with the `--help` option. (Kindly note the download location of the dataset)

Reviewer: nit: using `invoke` twice.

Author: I get that, but the sentence still sounds good to me; any alternate suggestions on this @jeanniefinks ?

> on this utility invoke it with the `--help` option. (Kindly note the download location of the dataset)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on this utility invoke it with the `--help` option. (Note: by default, the dataset is downloaded to the code execution directory. )
```

> on this utility invoke it with the `--help` option. (Note: by default, the dataset is downloaded to the code execution directory. )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on this utility append the `--help` option. (Note: by default, the dataset is downloaded to the code execution directory. )
```

### Recipes

Recipes encode the instructions and hyperparameters for sparsifying a model using modifiers to the training process.
The modifiers can range from pruning and quantization to learning rate and weight decay.
When appropriately combined, it becomes possible to create highly sparse and accurate models.

`sparseml.yolact.train` adds a `--recipe` argument to the 
[`train.py` script](https://github.com/neuralmagic/yolact/blob/master/train.py).
The argument loads an appropriate recipe while preserving the rest of the training pipeline.
Popular recipes used with this argument are found in the [`recipes` folder](./recipes).
Otherwise, all other arguments and functionality remain the same as the original repository.

> Example train command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example `train` command:
```

> (Note kindly provide correct dataset path to the utility based on your local setup)

Reviewer 3: nit
```suggestion
(Provide the correct dataset path to the utility based on your local setup)
```

> (Provide the correct dataset path to the utility based on your local setup)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be sure to provide the correct dataset path to the utility based on your local setup:
```

```bash
sparseml.yolact.train --resume \
zoo:cv/segmentation/yolact-darknet53/pytorch/dbolya/coco/base-none \
--recipe ./quant_small-recipe_yolact.yaml \
--train_info ./data/coco/annotations/instances_train2017.json \
--validation_info ./data/coco/annotations/instances_val2017.json \
--train_images ./data/coco/images \

> --validation_images ./datas/coco/images

Author: ```suggestion
--validation_images ./data/coco/images
```

| [recipes](./recipes)                            | Typical recipes for sparsifying YOLACT models along with any downloaded recipes from the SparseZoo.                   |
| [yolact](./yolact)                              | Integration repository folder used to train and sparsify YOLACT models (`setup_integration.sh` must run first).       |
| [README.md](./README.md)                        | Readme file.                                                                                                          |
| [tutorials](./tutorials)                        | Easy to follow sparsification tutorials for YOLACT  models.                                                            |

### Exporting for Inference

After sparsifying a model, the 
`sparseml.yolact.export_onnx` utility
converts the model into deployment formats such as [ONNX](https://onnx.ai/).
The export process is modified such that the quantized and pruned models are 
corrected and folded properly.

> For example, the following command can be run to export a trained/sparsified yolact 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the following command can be run to export a trained/sparsified YOLACT
```
